it is ordered adjudged and decreed that
Walter McMillian is to face death by
electrocution it's my dad sir sit down
young man John would you sit down they
did nothing wrong please just hold on
one second I won't say it again
sit down not if you're gonna kill my dad
for no reason
they convicted an innocent man I was
always taught to fight for the people
who need to help me most you don't know
what it is here they ain't got no
evidence how many of you all were with
Walter that morning you ain't quit miss
no sir we are which I want my son girl
knowing his mom stopped doing what was
right just because she was scared I
[Music]
think we could build a case strong
enough to bring him home and I'm not
gonna stop until I've done that as in
you deliver
[Applause]
your life is still meaningful and I'm
gonna do everything possible to keep
defin taken
you